---
name: GMI Project (Feasibility Review)
position: Summer Intern at Abbott Hematology
time: Summer 2024
organization: Abbott
excerpt: I've interned with Abbott for 4 summers. This most recent summer, I was an Operations Intern at Abbott Hematology in Santa Clara, CA. During this internship, I worked with the Alinity h-series hematology analyzers on a variety of projects.
---

<p>I've interned with Abbott for 4 summers. This most recent summer, I was an Operations Intern at Abbott Hematology in Santa Clara, CA. During this internship, I worked with the Alinity h-series hematology analyzers on a variety of projects.</p>
<p><strong>&nbsp;</strong></p>
<hr />
<p><strong>Gross Margin Improvement (GMI) Project: Feasibility Analysis</strong></p>
<p>My keystone project for the summer was a feasibility analysis for a GMI project. The proposed project would represent around $400 of savings per instrument. In doing so, I analyzed technical documentation of project components, ran feasibility testing in a lab environment, and studied the electrical, software, and hardware impacts to the system. At the conclusion of this project, I presented these findings to a cross-functional team in a design review with my suggestions for next steps.</p>
<p>In doing this project, I not only honed technical skills with regards to analyzing systems and component/sub-assembly design, but was able to work in many different capacities and learn from those experiences. I was able to work with the BOM to perform cost analysis of the proposed project, and communicated with suppliers to understand the inventory and cost of scrap of impacted components to gain a holistic understanding of the system.&nbsp;</p>
<hr />
<p><strong>Additional Projects<br /></strong></p>
<p>Though my main focus was on the feasibility analysis of the GMI project, I worked on a number of other, smaller projects as well. For instance, I was able to work with the service team to respond to a service request to improve a service procedure to the instrument. I also supported a business-critical project by creating assembly instructions for a testing bench of a critical component of the instrument. I learned to pull and analyze QDR data and business metrics related to the instruments and customer satisfaction.</p>
